1. Math Multiple Chioce Toss up: What is the smallest positive integer x which leaves a remainder of 1 when divided by 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6?
W) 1
X) 61
Y) 121
Z) 421
Answer: W) 1

2. Chemistry toss up multiple choice: Which of the following is closest to the pH of sodium acetate?
W) 5
X) 7
Y) 9
Z) 11
Answer: Y, 9

3. Biology toss up short answer: What kind of tRNA is formed in the cytoplasm when amino acids attach to the 3' end of tRNA?
Answer: aminoacyl-tRNA

4. Earth and Space toss up Short answer: What term is used to describe rock weathering in which shells or plates are broken away from a rock leaving it rounded in appearance?
Answer: Exfoliation

5. Physics toss up short answer: A ball is thrown horizontally from a height of 45 m with a speed of 40 m/s. Assuming g=10 m/s^2, what is the speed of the ball when it hits the ground?
Answer: 50 m/s

6. Math toss up Short answer: A rat is placed on the origin. With each move, the rat can travel either one unit up or one unit to the right. How many paths are there taking the rat to (3,3)
Answer: 20

7. Chemistry toss up short answer: What equation states that the pH of a solution of an acid of a base is equal to the pKa plus the log of the initial concentration of the base over the initial concentration of the acid?
Answer: The Henderson Hasselbalch equation

8. Biology toss up multiple choice: What type of evolution describes two unrelated species that share similar traits.
W) Parallel evolution
X) Divergent evolution
Y) Convergent evolution
Z) Coevolution
Answer: Y, Convergent evolution

9. Earth and Space toss up multiple choiceAbout how many parts per million are there of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere?
W) 40
X) 400
Y) 4000
Z) 40000

10. What principle of fluid dynamics, which can be used to explain the flight of airplanes, states that lower pressure will cause the fluid to move faster?
Answer: Bernoulli’s principle 

11. Math toss up multiple choice: Three unweighted 6-sided dice are rolled. Which of the following is true:
W) The probability of rolling a 6 is greater than the probability of rolling a 7
X) The probability of rolling an 8 is greater than the probability of rolling a 9
Y) The probability of rolling a 10 is greater than the probability of rolling an 11
Z) The probability of rolling a 12 is greater than the probability of rolling a 13
Answer: Z

12. Titration involves the addition of the solution, called the titrant, to the flask containing the sample. What is this flask called?
Answer: Analyte

13. Biology toss up multiple choice: A population consists of 16% white sheep and 84% black sheep. If the black-wool allele is dominant over the white-wool allele, what is the frequency of the black allele
W) .16
X) .4
Y) .6
Z) .84
Answer: .6

14. Earth and Space toss up multiple choice: How many cirques are needed to make up the glacial formation of a horn?
W) 1
X) 2
Y) 3
Z) 4

15. Physics toss up multiple choice: The pointing vector is which of the following
W) parallel to E and parallel to B 
X) parallel E and perpendicular to B
Y) perpendicular to E and parallel to B 
Z) perpendicular to E and perpendicular to B


16. Math toss up multiple choice: 2 points are chosen at random from within the unit circle in the complex plane and multiplied together. Which of the following is the expected value of the magnitude of the product?
W) 1
X) 1/2
Y) 1/3
Z) 1/4
Answer: Z, ¼

17.  Chemistry toss up multiple choice: The reaction O2 + O2+O2-> O3+O3 is
W) A unimolecular reaction
X) A bimolecular reaction
Y) A termolecular reaction
Z) A polymolecular reaction
Answer: Y

18. Biology toss up multiple choice: Nitrifying bacteria do which of the following?
W) Convert inert nitrogen gas into ammonia
X) Convert ammonia into nitrogen gas
Y) Convert nitrate into nitrite
Z) Convert nitrite into nitrate
Answer: Z

19. Earth and Space toss up short answer: What is the name of the largest estuary in the United States?
Answer: Chesapeake Bay

20 Physics toss up short answer: If the index of refraction of material A is four times that of material B, what is the ratio between the speed of light in material A and the speed of light in material B?
Answer: 1/4

21. Math toss up short answer: How many triangles are there where one side has length 2 and the side lengths are in the ratio 1:2:4?
W) 0
X) 1
Y) 2
Z) 3
Answer: W, 0

22. Chemistry toss up short answer: In a chain reaction, a highly reactive intermediate reacts to produce another highly reactive intermediate, which continues the chain. What is the name of the elementary process which ends the chain?
Answer: Termination

23. Biology toss up short answer: Order the following 4  from innermost to outermost in the secondary structure of a stem or root:
I. phloem
II. xylem
III. cork
IV cortex
Answer: II, I, IV, III

24. Earth and Space toss up multiple choice: Which of the following does not contain silica tetrahedrons?
W) quartz
X) muscovite
Y) halite
Z) orthoclase
25. Physics toss up short answer: Two solid balls are rolled down a ramp. The first is made of a material with density 1 kg/m^3 and has radius .1 m. The second is made of a material with density 5 kg/m^3 and has radius .2 m. What is the ratio between the times it takes the two balls to reach the bottom of the ramp?
Answer: 1